[Music]
he takes New York is the greatest city
in the world my city I was a kid in
these streets and I made it to the top I
made my bombs doing a piece of work for
Don Carlo Gambino like that I became a
made man dad I'm thinking maybe take a
year off do you know what you're doing
to this family I will build something
that nobody can destroy so well Casa la
was a fish in the desert I never
respected well you killed the boss of us
you will bring down Hellfire there is no
choice you will need the support of all
five boroughs Queens Brooklyn Manhattan
Staten Island the Browns our job now is
to maintain leadership I nominate John
Gotti let everybody off now everybody
comes tonight I'm sure proud of you you
should be running your own crew now mr.
Gotti are you the head of the Gambino
crime family the head of my family mrs.
Bobby do you know your husband Esther
living in her pod John's getting too
much press that can't go unchecked
it was meant for you we've never been in
this kind of scrutiny before what are
you saying on the tapes I said a lot of
things that could get a lot of people in
trouble dad [ __ ] where I'll go over a
cliff feed you then you would not bring
him into that well this life of ours is
a wonderful life if you can get away
with it
Johnson has been an informant for the
FBI order you fight - you can't fight no
more
[Music]
never back off ever
they walk together and we fall together
this is the life
[Music]
oh sure